6.1.x Testnet node release (#891)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/mainnet/net/release-notes/release-notes-lp.rst

Testnet
-------

    October 10, 2023

    Concordium Node 6.1.6 contains bug fixes and improvements. **This is the last release of the node that has support for V1 gRPC API.**

    **Improvements**

>         - Node catchup is now enabled by default on all platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Out of band catchup is now enabled by default on all platforms.
```

> 

Reviewer: The node remembers peers across restarts. When starting up it will try to connect to stored peers in addition to any supplied bootstrap and given nodes. Use the new flag --clear-persisted-peers (environment variable CONCORDIUM_NODE_CLEAR_PERSISTED_PEERS) to clear stored peers on startup.

Testnet
-------

    October 10, 2023

>     Concordium Node 6.1.6 contains bug fixes and improvements.

Reviewer 2: We should add a notice here as well saying that this is the last release of the node that has support for V1 gRPC API. In bold.

        - Add debug-level logging when a round is advanced, either due to a quorum certificate or a timeout certificate.

        - Removed the concept of pending blocks.

        - ``GetPoolInfo`` now also returns the commission rates for the current reward period.

        - Added a number of endpoints to the GRPCV2 API, including:

            - ``GetBakersRewardPeriod``: provided a block, then it returns information about bakers for the reward period of the block.

            - ``GetBlockCertificates``: provided a block, then it returns quorum certificate, timeout certificate and epoch finalization entry contained in the block (where present).

            - ``GetBakerEarliestWinTime``: provided a baker ID, it returns the earliest time at which the node projects that the baker could be required to bake a block.

            - ``GetFirstBlockEpoch``: returns the block hash of the first block in a given epoch.

            - ``GetWinningBakersEpoch``: returns a list of the bakers that won rounds in a specified (finalized) epoch. This only supports consensus version 1.

    **Fixes**

        - Several fixes are included for peer handling.

>             - Fixed a bug where stored peers are removed incorrectly. The node remembers peers across restarts. When starting up it will try to connect to stored peers in addition to any supplied bootstrap and given nodes. You can use the new flag ``--clear-persisted-peers`` (environment variable ``CONCORDIUM_NODE_CLEAR_PERSISTED_PEERS``) to clear stored peers on startup. An incorrect ``peer_bucket_size`` metric calculation exposed by the bootstrapper was fixed. What was counted was not the number of peers in the bucket, but rather, roughly, how many times peers that are in the bucket have reconnected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
          An incorrect ``peer_bucket_size`` metric calculation exposed by the bootstrapper was fixed. What was counted was not the number of peers in the bucket, but rather, roughly, how many times peers that are in the bucket have reconnected.
```

That is a fix, and this

```
  - The node remembers peers across restarts. When starting up it will try to connect to stored peers in addition to any supplied bootstrap and given nodes. You can use the new flag ``--clear-persisted-peers`` (environment variable ``CONCORDIUM_NODE_CLEAR_PERSISTED_PEERS``) to clear stored peers on startup
```

is a new feature.

This part
```
Fixed a bug where stored peers are removed incorrectly. 
```
should not be in the release notes since it was a bugfix for a bug introduced in 6.1.* so not publicly released.

>             - Banned peers are no longer reset on startup by default. The flag ``--no-clear-bans`` has been renamed  to ``--clear-bans``; when set it will clear the banned peers on startup.

Reviewer 2: This is not a "fix" either, it is a change in behaviour. The previous behaviour was as intended, we just changed what is intended.

        - Fixed a bug where the block state hash was not returned properly for the genesis block.

        - Fixed a bug where credential registration IDs for genesis accounts were not correctly recorded. As a result, the index of accounts by credential IDs was incorrect if the chain was started from genesis by node versions 5.1.3 up to and including 6.0. If a chain was started by an older node version and then the node was upgraded, the index is loaded correctly. This index is used when checking for duplicate credential registration IDs, and when looking up an account via a credential registration ID.

        - Fixed a bug in the ``InvokeInstance`` endpoint where the amount sent was used incorrectly. The consequence was that in some cases the calls would fail with an error indicating insufficient amount on the account where the amount was sufficient for the transaction.

>         - Fixed a bug where it was not possible to use the collector with a node configured with TLS. You must configure the ``grpc-host`` flag of the collector with domain stated in the certificate that the node is configured with.

Reviewer 2: That is already mentioned above in "improvements".

Concordium Client
-----------------

    October 10, 2023

        Concordium Client 6.1.0 includes support for the following:

            - Added baker win-time command for determining the earliest time a specified baker is expected to bake.

>             - Stream consumption ends early if an error is returned.

Reviewer 2: I don't think we need to include this here. I don't think it was observable in the old client.
